Here's a common issue with AI with
design. Usually we have a very specific
vision in mind. So when we try to go in
detail, it will just not come out right.
Just like us, design requires visual
understanding. So here's how you can
prompt better for this. This will
provide a structured markdown file of
the full specifications. Notice how we
gave the AI an identity of being a UI
engineer.
Once we get that response back, we can
use another prompt. I'm wanting to use
React and Tailwind.
Then we get something closer to our
final implementation. The important part
is to include the text stack you're
comfortable with and to check its work
once it's finished. It won't always be
perfect, but you'll be much closer than
before.